[Music]
now the Lord said to Moses come up to
the Lord
you and Aaron Nadab and Abihu and 70 of
the elders of Israel and worship from
afar and Moses alone shall come near the
Lord but they shall not come near nor
shall the people go up with him
so Moses came and told the people all
the words of the Lord and all the
judgments and all the people answered
with one voice all the words which the
Lord has said we will do and Moses wrote
all the words of the Lord and he rose
early in the morning and built an altar
at the foot of the mountain and twelve
pillars according to the twelve tribes
of Israel and then he sent a young men
of the children of Israel who offered
burnt offerings and sacrificed peace
offerings of oxen to the Lord and Moses
took half the blood and put it in basins
and half the blood he sprinkled on the
altar then he took the book of the
Covenant and read in the hearing of the
people and they said all that the Lord
has said we will do and be obedient and
Moses took the blood sprinkled it on the
people and said this is the blood of the
Covenant which the Lord has made with
you according to all these words
and Moses went out also Aaron Nadab and
Abihu and 70 of the elders of Israel and
they sold the God of Israel
[Music]
and there was under his feet as it were
a paved work of sapphire stone and it
was like the very evidence in its
clarity but on the nobles of the
children of Israel he did not lay his
hand so they saw God and they ate and
drank
[Music]
and the Lord said to Moses come up to me
on the mountain and be there and I will
give you tablets of stone and the law
and commandments which I have written
that you may teach them so Moses arose
with his assistant Joshua and Moses went
up to the mountain of God and he said to
the elders wait here for us until we
come back to you indeed Aaron and her
are with you If any man has a difficulty
let him go to them then Moses went up
into the mountain and a cloud covered
the mountains now the glory of the Lord
rested on Mount Sinai and the cloud
covered it six days and on the seventh
day he called to Moses out of the midst
of the cloud the sight of the glory of
the Lord was like a consuming fire on
the top of the mountain in the eyes of
the children of Israel
so Moses went into the midst of the
cloud and went up into the mountain and
Moses was on the mountain forty days and
forty nights
[Music]
d
you
[Music]